It has to be said they are becoming a force to be reckoned with in the football world. Their tactics and training are to be admired and their fan support is fanatical and inspiring. The so called "100 year plan" is definitely taking shape and shows its working. It might not be this year give it a few years and watch them become big contenders.

lol usa is better than japan never mind top african countries like morocco or a tier below senegal/ivory coast. japan is weaker than those teams. they just dont have any talent really. collective is all good and dandy but no one ever won a world cup with 11 average players. u need a few genuine world class players and japan has none.

Pump the breaks. I seriously don't see them getting past round of 32. I think Brazil or Morocco will take care of them


Japan? Maybe… but I first want to see how they fare against some power countries not Tunisia.

That game yesterday looked like a college soccer team beating high school team.

unfortunately I can't see them winning against a team like Argentina or France, but they will make quarter finals for sure.

No chance. They wont win it this year and they are only going to get less competitive with their aging population. If China got their shit together they would have the best chance, or maybe Nigeria

2 deflection goals, and the coach of the dutch was making shit tactics and shit substitutions and xavi simons wasn't there (but to be fair even if its an disadvantage, since he is definetly one you start with, the overall outcome wouldn't change thaaaaaat much but still a disadvantage in my book.)

This Japan dickriding is never gonna stop. They might be the best team in Asia, but that is a pretty low bar. They're not even the best team outside europe/south america, as theres a lot of teams in africa and north america which are already better than them and just gonna keep getting better. Even with the very very low possibility that a non european or south american country will win a world cup, it sure as hell won't be Japan.

I have a feeling any day now someone is going to do a segment on some talk show where he and Tim Howard play foosball against each other. Can you bet that on Kalshi? I never used it.

Super frustrating from an Ecuador POV. Their attack was Turkiye-esque. Most of these shots were right at the GK and easy to stop. Room's performance sounds more impressive in the after match press than it looked live. He did well, no doubt, but the bigger story is Ecuador continues to be toothless up front. Which is too bad, bc it’s otherwise a strong team.

Ecuador look shit and I’ve enjoyed seeing the “they’re dark horses bro trust me bro” brigade scramble to excuse their performances. Just like there’s always one giant who underperforms at a World Cup, there’s always one “dark horse” candidate who just play like shit and make people look silly for suggesting they’d be good

I love that more people are predicting a CV win than an Uruguay win LOL. Hopefully that comes true, would be so cool to see them qualify for the next round, and I think 4 points would do it.

I suspect an upset from Cabo Verde. When they parked the bus against Spain they had a couple of very effective counters and they probably have more opportunities against an out of form Uruguay.

Save me goalkeeper daddy

vozinha my goat 🐐

1-0 or 2-0 CPV let's gooo

Cabo verde are the real dark horses of this tournament

How good is Uruguay now? They use to be the OG right?

C'mon Cape Verde, you could keep a clean sheet against Spain, you can do it again.

Another legend keeper!

I have a feeling any day now someone is going to do a segment on some talk show where he and Tim Howard play foosball against each other. Can you bet that on Kalshi? I never used it.

Eloy Room officially locked down the goal so hard that he turned the penalty box into his personal VIP lounge

15 saves and no goals. Incredible work

Dude made some amazing saves, there was no…. Room for error.

So proud of our Caribbean brothers! I am almost as happy with their draw as our own win over Sweden. Just such an amazing achievement for such a tiny nation!

I love how everyone is supporting Curaçao. They are truly such stand outs in this tournament, even if we all know they’re not gonna go all the way. I love the competition of the World Cup, but I also love that it brings the world together in positive ways too.

Love this, this is the kind of vibes that having new teams in the cup brings.

USA is going to win it this year.

It'll likely be USA or Mexico.

If you want to be a winning team then you need to win against Netherlands type tier A teams not just draw So yeah i call BS

Op is shit posting. No way they beat Germany let alone France or Brazil.

This is hilarious. Japan have zero chance this century. If any team outside of Europe/SA are going to win it'll be an African country first before anywhere else. Weebs are seriously getting out of control

They were amazing tonight, you do have to consider the team they played against , but yeah they really are that good.

Japan - Sweden is going to be good!!!!

I think an African team with the right structure could get there first, but anything is possible.

I find it funny that so far the two matches in Monterrey both have gotten a difference of +4 goals between both teams

Project Blue Lock is real ...ifykyk

Watching this game in a Tokyo sports bar today was such a blast. And also sans all the obnoxious drunks you’d get in America.

That live shot of Japan...no looting or fires being started. Huh...civilized people celebrating

Wow guys how exiting. An average of .25 goals for the losing teams is the last two days.

The full-time stats paint a clear picture of how dominant Japan was throughout this Group F World Cup fixture.

I'm a Japanese but admit we were playing against a trash team

Very good team Japan

the goalkeeper literally blocked no goals lmao

Wow does tunisia even want to win? Does not look like a coach problem.

Unless Tunisia somehow ties or beat Netherlands, it is more beneficial for Japan to lose to Sweden than to beat them.

American commentary is... uhh... IDK why but some reason, I'm expecting them to breakout with some wrestling-esque things to say. Here comes the Glasgow Kiss from U-wei-daaaaa

Tunisia is on a generational run here. Another loss by 4 goals or more and they might bring back 16 team world cups.

3rd goal is a work of art

Tunisia gave up like a junior school team who just want to go home as soon as possible. It's always sad when you see a demoralized team. The ones who keep fighting till the bitter end are something else.

Dudes not going to Tunsia after the WC

Hard to get motivated for a guy who looks like he just rolled out of bed with a hangover

Nothing beats the raw, joyful fan connection that only the FIFA World Cup can bring out in crowds.

Saxophone Guy's back! Best news all year!

That song never gets old ….Romanian dance-pop era ..

The stat sheet clearly shows Germany controlled most of this Group E fixture, racking up far more shots and possession than Côte d’Ivoire.

Just finished watching the repeat telecast of the whole match since I missed it.

And man that was an entertaining match. Both teams took their chances and it was really a close fight. Ivory Coast had some of the most incredible offences in the game. And Germany kept creating countless attacks throughout the match, which obviously paid off in the end.

And another thing, Nagelsmann knew exactly what he was doing with the substitutions. I think it's the first game this world cup where a substitute has scored a winning brace. Undav seriously played awesome.

I do feel bad for Ivory Coast though :( They almost had Germany beaten. And they would've bagged a win / draw if their striker didn't casually waste THAT much of a good opportunity in the final minutes. A second touch on the ball was so freaking unnecessary.

That Ivory Coast striker is going to have nightmare tonight.

Well played to both teams and ivory coast especially for deadlocking germany for so long but my gosh was the ref making hella bad calls. Not only does ivory have the best actors for injuries but even the goalie fakes it and it was his own teammate that bumped him (lol) that happens and ref awards ivory with a throw or corner, but when germany gets visibly fouled he turns a blind eye and dismisses it??? Like hello i thought refs were supposed to be neutral

After watching just the highlights, Curaçao’s goal keeper did his damn thing

Ecuador performance has been a disaster; they went from being one of the best in the qualifiers to being a disgrace at the World Cup, without taking anything away from the Curacao goalkeeper who had the game of his life. Now Ecuador is obliged to beat the powerful Germany.

hot take .... the south american qualifiers shuld be taken with a grain of salt

I think Spain, Türkiye and Ecuador matches go to show that if your opponent puts 11 people in the box for 90 minutes, there’s not much you can do. If I look at any of the weaker nations that have lost, you can see they have possession of +35%.

It's hilarious how everyone was hyping up this Ecuador side before the World Cup. Some people were saying they could make a deep run, just for them to essentially go out in the groups lmfao

I think you've overestimating how long people will remember these draws for.

A 1-0 is more boring than a 0-0 change my mind

They’re not dead yet

Those defensive performances were really impressive, especially watching Curacao keep Ecuador at bay when they were getting bombarded. The underdog goalkeeping made all the difference in both matches. You're right that they'll stick with people way more than a typical 0-0 stalemate would.

I loved watching both games .Cap Verde GK and Curaçao GK today were amazing. Both teams should be proud!

I like how at the end the tunisian goalkeeper just decided he doesn't want to play anymore and let the 4th goal go inside with no attempt to prevent it.

the last two world cups have made me a huge japan fan. gorgeous kits, beautifully quick counterattacks, a massive traveling fanbase. a delight to watch.

The 1000th World Cup match! A clash between the Moon and the Rising Sun!

It’s currently 3pm in Tokyo, I’m drunk af and it is buzzing. Life is amazing.

Guys, how much do we love these Japanese players that get knocked down and get up again they're never going to keep them down.

Shoutout Mexico for the support in the stands

This makes Cabo Verde look even more impressive

Holy shit I was joking about Cabo Verde but mad respect to them. Spain is making the Saudis look like a pickup team. Amazing they held them to 0 goals.

Spain finally remembered that to win games you need to score goals, not finish passes

The tunisia defence were already back home. Japan wont get this with sweden.

Is it not under 5 minutes? Casual world cup watcher, so maybe I'm missing something. The goal's recorded as 4' by Google and ESPN fwiw.

Anakin was foolish enough to do so. And then Doku said: ‘’It is obvious that this contest cannot be decided by our knowledge of the Force, but by our skills with a lightsaber.’’ and the rest is history.

However, Doku's plan to leave the USA and return home has brought fierce criticism from L'Equipe channel presenter France Pierron, who labelled a father "completely useless" at the time of their child's birth.

She’s very vile. “It might never happen again in your life.”-Same applies to the birth of your child.

Imagine if God forbid, there’s a complication during the birth and his wife and child’s lives are at stake and he’s playing in a match. What a crock of shit.

So stupid to criticise him for this. Your kid is only born once and God forbid something happens to his wife and/or child and he wasn’t there he’d never forgive himself

Ugh I hate when they force updates like this, I usually wait forever to update anything.

Absolute masterpie by Curacao. Great rebound from the Germany game to stay alive. Curacao has a tough match up coming against IC but I'd love to see them pull it off andgo through. I do expect it, but it would be cool to see.

crazy result sad for ecuador, curacao great showing for their first world cup they can hold their heads high!

Not buying the heroic keeper narrative though, he made two good saves total - 2nd minute from Valencia shot and 65th minute from Valencia shot - every other save was literally straight at him and attempts you'd expect the 3rd choice keeper in 2nd division of bosnia to make.

Give that Curacao goalie the keys to the city , and the Goalie award so far this World Cup what a masterclass

killed my last bet for a 12 games combo. fuck it

i saw ppl on polymarket betting hundreds of dollars on belgium, they must be SO pissed

Anyone betting on Belgium has no business placing bets, was always an overhyped team

It now makes sense why flopping is frequent in draw groups like this group. Teams just trying to bait foul play to get upper hand in case things go to a tie-break across all 4 teams

Belgium fraud watch is in full swing

The most exiting thing to happen this game was when I parted and thought that I pooped, but it was a false alarm 💩💨

Tbh the game was pretty entertaining even if there was no goals

0-0 but not for lack of effort. Both goalies deserve MVP for the game.

Iranians have to be in and out the country the day of the match and they still gave this amazing performance. I can’t imagine the performance if they had the proper rest and treatment.

Just a friendly reminder that I'm sure you simply forgot and there's absolutely no alternative political reason for your comment, but the Iranians chose to stay out of the USA. The players themselves were allowed into the country, it was just their security forces (read: almost definitely Iranian spies) that were denied entry because OBVIOUSLY.

I dislike the USA as twice as much as the next guy but let's not pretend Iran is some innocent baby sheep here.

Belgium disappointing. Doesn't matter when you read this

Don’t forget that Iran had to commute in this morning and after the last game didn’t have a minute to get any sort of post game ice bath or treatments. They played at a huge disadvantage so it’s perfectly reasonable that they would be gassed at the end even with a man up.

There were fans during the game whenever Bieranvand made a save yelling “hey ho, the strait is closed” funniest chant ever 😂

If Iran's strategy is to tie their way to the cup, I can see it happening with their goalie.

Watching Belgium try to break down Iran felt like watching someone repeatedly pull on a door that says "push"

Doku's baby just preordered some national trauma DLC if Belgium gets kicked out at a fucking 48 game group stage.

Considering the disadvantages the Iran team has faced, the BARELY offside shot, the excellent goalkeeping - I’d say this was pretty impressive from Iran. Sorry but I’d rather watch a team park the bus than have no defense at all lol. Hopefully we see more offense from them in the next match 👏

Theyre legit. Even without their stars kubo and miroma

With Netherlands hanging 5 on Sweden, Japan kinda needs a big number for a chance at winning the group.

As it stands Netherlands play Morocco, Japan play Brazil and Sweden play Norway. Might be best to lose to Sweden lol. Though Japan can beat Brazil and Norway actually might be harder.

OMG that would be awesome! We won against Sweden a few weeks ago without Haaland, can't wait to see him let loose on them in a knockout round! 🇳🇴🚣‍♀️😄

Beautiful goal! 👏👌

Honestly i would say japan wins 3-0 or 3-1 if tunisia locks in. But let's be real Tunisia can't comeback from this

Holy shit. Do soccer players actually aim through legs like that knowing the defender was going to block or is it pure coincidence

Theyre legit. Even without their stars kubo and miroma

why are saudis so bad? 32 years since their debut and no improvement at all. We can always count on them to get hammered in at least one game

Believe it or not, Hassan tambakti (Saudi's defender) had more shots on target (2) at his own keeper than Ferran torres did (1) in the 2nd half.

Maybe Saudi should shell out some more money and buy some more players from the European leagues.

Saudi Arabia took a high speed train to Spain without the ‘S’

Given that essentially every commentator has made this point, hard to call it an unpopular opinion. 

Guys this is a crazy unpopular opinion but I like finding free money and going on vacation.

Game officiating has been solid. VAR has been solid. And I think that VAR catching a dive in the USA Paraguay game has sent a very loud and clear message and I feel it

Shit take because that’s not an unpopular opinion at all! :) refereeing has been great this WC apart from a couple of missed big pen calls.

This isn’t unpopular. It’s hilarious watching players hit the ground acting they’ve been murdered, and then jump right back up when they realise the ref hasn’t bought their BS.

Good header to the paid attendance!

Wild how a rebounded save from an Ecuador shot veered straight into a spectator’s head, such an unexpected off-pitch moment.

Who remembers valencia just from the 2022 world cup opening game against Qatar when he scored 2 goals

Me and my dad lost it when the Ivory Coast player did hammer the pass in the box but held it in the second half.

Scoring two late goals to flip a deficit around is the kind of dramatic turnaround that makes World Cup group stage matches unforgettable.

It was there’s to lose. Not providing enough defense and giving Germany that many offensive runs was odd.

Not an easy game for Germany. It was actually pretty close. Ivory Coast could’ve won it if they’d gotten a bit more help from the referee and if their keeper had spent even more time rolling around on the ground like he’d been shot. Physically, Ivory Coast were definitely strong. In the end though, Germany deserved the win. Better link-up play, two goals ruled out, and Undav — the guy’s an absolute machine. A bit lucky, sure, but still a deserved victory.

Who is also rooting for germany

Very closely fought match. Ivory Coast were just a few poor final balls away from winning this game.

Balls, heat, or curaçao? The bbc is obviously running out of ideas . This answer seems obvious, but I’m curious what else the expanded format impacts.. will these mid-matches change the golden boot race? And will the expanded format give a long term advantage to teams like the USA who were top seed for the first time ( since 94 when they got the host seed advantage)

Bound to happen when there’s 50 teams competing

It’s no surprise when it’s oversaturated with bad teams

I don's see how the more bad teams argument can be valid? Sweden is evidence enough that it is not the reason. 

Sweden beat Tunisia 5-1 and then lost to Netherlands 5-1. These two results are absolutely bonkers when you really stop and think about it. Two 5-1 games in a row?! Winning by 4 goals and then losing by 4 goals?!

There's more at play here it seems. I personally think the hydration breaks are the reason. Not least because the players genuinely perform better as a result of it!

the hydration breaks thing makes sense. teams are fresher in the second half so defenses break down more. also with more games packed in, nobody's had time to really gel defensively the way they would in a normal tournament. it's not just more bad teams, it's the whole structure changing how the game flows.

Just wait for the real tournament to start in the round of 32.

The amount of people who didnt read the article, lol. Its measuring it as 33 games to get to 100 goals. How does "more teams, more games" have any relevance?

Except for morocco arab teams have been very disappointing this world cup I mean theychave been shit

Spain's making it look easy but Saudi's defense is just walking through molasses, hard to tell who's actually playing well when one team is this disorganized.

That first goal where Yamal just let's the defender feel him as he peels off to the far post is so pro.

Saudia are so shit. Spain are playing normally making some decent passes in the box.

I was really hoping they were going to pull it off yesterday

This was my first world cup experience and it was truly amazing. As a Houstonian football was not very popular growing up, now i am obsessed!!! Thank you to all!

By focusing narrowly on competitiveness and measuring it by the lopsided losses, you lose the essence of the games. Were the World Cup in Brazil lacking competitiveness when Brazil lost 7 to 1 at home against Germany? I am glad that the expansion brings a lot more nations to the games and their fans something to celebrate. Think of what it means to those player, their youth, and their nation. It’s not just about the wins/loses. Getting a chance to play against the best is how you build interest and competitiveness. With 32 we would never have met Vozinha from Cape Verde. Lots of other new talent emerging from the games. It’s worth it to me, and all those new fans.

One of the big narratives at the tournament this year has been that fears of a less competitive tournament were unfounded, and there’s no doubt we’ve seen some success stories like Cape Verde drawing with Spain.

A counterpoint to this though is that lopsided results were more common in the early days of the 32 team era compared to later tournaments - the overall average was 3, but there were only 2 in the last two 32 team tournaments. So perhaps as time goes on, if this format is given time to mature, the competitiveness will steadily creep up again.

basically the entire world is pulling for Cape Verde right?

Just checked Insta and saw that Vozinha has 15M followers now. That’s an insane jump from before the first match. Good for him.

In January the US government added Cape Verde to the list of countries whose citizens have to post a returnable bond of up to $15,000 (£11,200) before travelling to the US, on top of the visa fee. As a result, Vozinha’s mother was unable to complete her application.

While Caribbean teams have never been powerhouses historically (only Cuba way back in 1938 and Jamaica in 1998 have recorded WC wins in history), their diaspora has been representing them very well on other NT's, particularly on the US, England, France, Canada and Netherlands squads.

That Saudi defense just seems to give those Spanish forwards covid level space lol

All were so mesmerizing 😍🔥

They forgot to include the Saudi goals ☹️

I think Japan is going to smoke Sweden.

If I’m Japan I probably actually prefer the potential path as the runner-up… think they match up better against Brasil than Morocco

Group F is genuinely one of the more chaotic ones this tournament, so many paths to advancement depending on margins. Netherlands probably have the clearest route but Tunisia pulling off an upset would send everything sideways fast.

Iran can't play USA in the R32. Not because of politics, but because the bracket explicitly states that the US will play 3rd Group B/E/F/I/J in that round. Iran is in Group G.

To think that in the Round of 32, assuming if both Australia and Iran finish 2nd, they would meet in any international fixture for the first time since 1997! Never met in AFC qualifying or even in the Asian Cup.

It’s for the best, incentive for players to make real chances in the box instead of hitting the ground and hoping for a call

I haven't seen any. But personally in the games I've watched, I don't think I've seen any plays that could've been officiated as a penalty kick, so I'm not sure if it's a referee thing.

Yea, stats back it up. It's also the top teams that gained the most from it. France, England, and Spain. Notice how they scored less, except for England that did get the penalty, twice.

Refs are letting the players play which I like otherwise there would be even more stoppage on top of the hydration breaks.

Diving on light contact not being called. Also Almiron from Paraguay getting a yellow for diving early on in the tournament might have set the tone as well.

The booking was so funny. They are such a funny team. Yellow card for diving, red guy covering their mouth.

Great reffing. They aren’t calling nitpicky contact, and they aren’t tolerating or giving into flopping.

I was at the match, too. Being in the middle of all that energy was incredible. It looks like you scored some pretty good seats to witness the goals from. Have you been to any other matches and/or are you going to any upcoming matches? Just curious.

I will never understand watching events like this through your screen instead of enjoying the moment. I'm an old fart I guess. 

Because I'm American and I like soccer/futbol/football, my feeds are full of these types of videos. I have no complaints.

He's a great presenter. I am really enjoying watching him, Shearer and Micah Richards on Netflix at the moment too.

How three Norway players are continuing the mission their dads started at the 1994 World Cup

I still think Germany messed up by beating Ivory Coast and topping the group. They should have gotten a draw, and made sure they finished 2nd to avoid playing France early in the Round of 16.

big spain day, hope atlanta's ready for that crowd

Japan is the dark horse in this tournament! Love the way they play, always on the attack and relentless on defense!

I’m afraid these “second round” of games are pretty dull, thanks to the new 48 team format. After the first lot of games you basically have around 1/3 of the teams already through (the ones that already got 3 points). And then the other 2/3 of teams are of course eager to get points on the board, but equally they know that should they lose again (or draw) they still have a very good chance of being able to salvage qualification with a single victory in their last game. Makes it all feel very low stakes right now.

Anyone else pulling for draws across the board again?

Spain has to lock in in this game because if they draw or lose, it’s gonna be very bad for them knowing that everybody says that they are one of the favourites

On the channel I watch I can hear everything, the crowd, what they are chanting/drumming, the ball kick sounds and players/ppl screaming HEY!!! When there is a foul

I can barely hear the announcers over the crowd

American broadcasts tend to turn down the crowd noise significantly across all sports. I have never fully understood why as the crowd often adds energy to what are often average games.

Is it just me or has the crowd noise deliberately been turned down on the broadcasts and replays. The commentators are loud and the crowd is almost silent which I can’t believe is the actual reality. Has anyone else noticed this?

Like March madness a lot more games and a lot more to watch. But then fizzles out once you get closer to the end and half of the teams you like expire.

Recently came across multiple posts on social media about this wc having the best group stage matches ever. Is it true? I’m new to football and can’t speak for any side hence asking out to the veterans.

This year’s larger group count seems to have ensured that there are no really dangerous groups of death. There are some tough groups but it’s pretty easy to tell even before the kick off of the cup which teams were going forward. It’s always great to watch the games, but other than a few close calls and some unforeseen ties, it’s fallen into place pretty much as planned. The round of 32 should level things back out but allowing 3rd place teams to move on just feels wrong to me.

My unpopular opinion is that the group stage matches overall provide the best matches and have in all the world cups I've watched since 1982. The fact that is not "do or die" allows the teams to take more chances and creates more offensive football. And the expansion to 48 teams has not added more insignificant teams, as the overall increased global competitiveness of the sport means there are more teams with the needed skills to compete.

Capitalists were always in charge.  The difference is addressable market.  A stadium holding 80,000 fans 40 years ago was able to hold a higher % of the population thus demand was lower.  A stadium today would beed to hold about 120,000 to create the same supply/demand dynamic.  Since stadiums haven't actually gotten much bigger in capacity while population is growing you get a higher demand but no corresponding increase in supply.

Wonderful picture. What a shame that the natural progression of the popularity of sports simply means everyone gets priced out. Especially for our culture. But money rules the world, symptom of a bigger problem. Cant express how beautiful this picture is to me. Wish my family had one like this.

Great photos mate, looks like a good time. You're making me nostalgic for the old days of football

Tickets for the 1986 FIFA World Cup in Mexico were incredibly inexpensive by today's standards, costing as little as USD $3 to $50 depending on the seat and match. For the final, non-Mexicans typically paid between $35 and $65, making games an affordable experience for everyday fans.

So after hearing a lot about the Philly Eagles curse, I fully support leaning into it being real. If we lose, it was the curse's fault, if we win, we broke the curse. If we draw then the Americans are confused. Either way, we roll

Guys I need a hug 🥲

As a Philly native. This happens A LOT and its very bad luck.

It's the curse's fault guys. Ecuador to beat Curacao and Germany and finish first. Let a man cope dream

This is hilarious that folks of Philly are like “yeah that’s fine. But now you’re cursed” 😂

The Rocky statue has always cracked me up, because it’s meant to memorialize a great athlete overcoming adversity. In a movie. A scripted movie.

The Mexico stadiums are spectacular. Really enjoying this WC. I can see the Round of 32 having some Final 4 type matchups.

This world cup should have taken place only in Mexico. The only country in the world, that when it says "football" is for something else than the rest of the world does, a country that has zero connection or culture around football, a country that has non stop been engaging in wars SHOULD HAVE NOT BE GIVEN THE WORLD CUP. This is USA I am talking about, in case it wasn't already very obvious

I have tried to convert many of my American friends into fans but they cite players diving and faking injuries to win a game on a penalty as reasons they cannot respect the sport. I hope this addresses the simulation issue.

Then what do they say about the NBA, you can literally draw a tactical foul and let the refs know just to affect the game in your favor

This is a huge step forward for football integrity! It’s about time VAR properly punishes simulation instead of letting divers get away with cheap free kicks.

Imagine still trying to appeal to the ref despite your diving nonsense being caught clearly on camera which led to the card.

More of this. It's super cringe watching slomo of a dude diving crying on the ground when he wasn't even touched.

What annoys me about VAR is that they get the ref to look at it on a small screen but it seems like no other players get to really see the same playback properly. It should be put on all screens around the stadium so the players can see the same review playback.

Imagine going to represent your country on the global stage and end up looking like an absolute fool and you grab yourself a yellow card while you're at it.

Absolute confusion at the time. On screen it said 'mistaken identity'. But the decision was totally valid and glad its getting used in this way. Its just unfortunate that it hasn't been used more for simulation so far!

Big fan of this - the diving in the men’s game is embarrassing

They didn’t show the best angles on the replay but to me it didn’t look like there was much there. Silly blunder on that pass to a ghost, but I don’t think that should have been a foul from what I saw. I thought they are supposed to be reviewing those instances in VAR now.

It’s a red card because it was a foul that costed Iran an opportunity to score. Iran player was about to have a breakaway and get a really good chance of scoring but belgium fouled taking that away, so even if the foul wasn’t “bad” it’s a red because of how crucial that opportunity is. the defender fouled him knowing that when iran got passed him he could score easily, so red card

I am absolutely fading Belgium is the knockout rounds if they play anybody competent. They lack total creativity on offense, and rely too much on the cross. Iran's goalie played a great game in my opinion. Was aggressive when needed, and made the right decisions. Despite being 0-0 pretty entertaining game

Iran played haramball until Belgium got the red card and Iran came dangerously close to winning. This is a weird World Cup

Don't know for sure but I think this is the first time an Iranian player may have got Man of the Match in World Cup history.

That was awesome to watch! Save after save after save, standing on his head. And now, I wonder how many Instagram followers he's gonna gain in 24 hours 🤔

I was so happy i thought they were going to win just to get shot down so fast by Germany😭

I may be saying something controversial, but I'll say it. If African teams had the same budget as European teams, they would've won several World Cups already.

Well... Africa has a lot of players that are born and raised in Europe, so to an extent they do benefit from European club football's funding. So the advantage from having their own clubs will not necessarily go from 0 to 100.

Sweden last week: 5weden :) Sweden this week: 5weden :(

Japan holding this Dutch side to a draw suddenly looks a lot more impressive.

Well done to the Netherlands, Summerville will be the one player to really look out for, also Japan deserves more credit holding this Netherlands side to a draw.

I think the big difference was the tactical adjustment from the Netherlands. Against Japan they looked too static and didn’t get enough bodies into the box, so a lot of attacks lacked real threat.

The Japan game exposed some issues, but today felt like a completely different setup and execution.

Sweden doesn't look like they play well enough to win 5-1 last week but also not that bad to be thrashed 5-1 like this

Nice to see a game without the drama, time wasting and diving that we’ve become accustomed to with South American teams. This game was played very fair - basically 0 bullshit.

Sweden weren't terrible tbh. This wasn't one of those "5-1 and total domination" games. They had spells, created a few moments, but Netherlands punished basically every defensive mistake. Feels like the Dutch finally stopped overthinking and just attacked with intent. Scary team if they keep finishing like this.

Seeing everyone berate a team that would annihilate my team☹️

I’m from Germany, wife’s from Ivory. Going to be a fun one to watch

That would have been scary, thinking this is it...this is how I go, trapped inside of a huge flag at the world cup.

"MICHAAAEEEEELLLLL!!!! DONT LEAVE ME IN HERE!!!!!! MICHAAAAAAEEEEELLLLLL!!!!!!!"

That's the loudest BOO for the ad break I've heard yet

As a Dutch fan, it's always so frustrating that whenever they play well, they start playing worse once they are ahead.

Much respect to Sweden, the result was very favorable to Nederlands, but you all put in a lot of high quality attacks and I wish you all the best success and hopefully you secure the second or third place qualifier. I could see you all causing some trouble in the knockout stage if you can shore up your defense.

It has been really great. We're used to 3am trips to the pub here.

I’m in La and have been literally just couch rotting all weekend watching game after game. I love this shit. My favorite time is always World Cup season

I catch bits and pieces of the first game of the day at work, I'm home in time for the second half of the second, and get the full last game while I relax. It's amazing.

Considering Africa and Asia had been shafted for generations and mostly either at war or colonised it's no surprise- they had a lot more to focus on than the World Cup- most of these modern countries didn't exist for biggest part of the past 100 years.

Or rather, like in most sports, those who have played the sports the longest (western countries and countries largely settled by westerns - NA & SA), and countries with the most financial resources (the west) tend to do better in sports where the difference is usually determined by quality of training, accessibility to equipment and match play against quality peers, and stability of the home and country. Cultural desire and interest to play the sport also matters.

african teams are on the rise, morocco has been consistently good for a little bit now, senegal is competitive. i love to see it. don't love morocco personally but it would be cool to see an african team in the final

Pretty cool to see him back with the team and in good spirits. I was watching the TSN nightly wrap up segment last night and they said that three of the top orthopedic surgeons in Vancouver were actually watching the match, saw the injury happen, and almost immediately began coordinating/consulting with one another about preparing for the operation and started heading to the hospital before they even got a call from the people affiliated with the the Canadian soccer program. By the time Koné got to the hospital, they already had their advanced team prep the surgical suite and the surgeons themselves were basically ready to handle business.

This could be a career ending injury in all honesty. Hope the best for his recovery

That detail about the surgeons already prepping the OR before he arrived is wild - good medical timing can change the entire trajectory of what could have been a career-ending injury.

Aliens come down at the end of the World Cup and want their team to play an Earth team made up of only players from the World Cup. Who are you picking?

whoever wins the world cup would be my pick. its a team sport and if that team managed to win they are the best choice. just taking the best players and trying to make a team out of that isnt really that good. might want to read into real madrid with zidane back in the day. they had so many great players but it really didnt translate into a great team as much.

11 Ronaldos and at the end of the match they abduct him

Just for the record, people are capable of not liking American politics, having reservations about the healthcare system, not liking what ICE are doing, not liking how your president has crashed the global stock market 3 times in a year and a half so he and his mates can make money, and still enjoy watching football.

Tourists enjoying blue cities, the same ones Republicans trash constantly

The only reason why foreign fans are shocked is because the actual reality is that other countries, including western ones, are way more prejudiced and xenophobic than the US is. They just assume the US is the same but the truth is US “culture” is just a mixture of dozens of cultures, and it’s probably the most diverse country on the planet on top of that. That, and also people fell for the shit they hear on social media about the US.

The feeling is mutual, it seems. I just saw a video of a sanitation worker in Boston who had almost no work to do because the Scottish fans cleaned up after themselves so well. He had lots of good things to say about them… how nice and polite they were.

Also the cities they picked for hosting are pretty diverse and use to visitors from other countries. Not like they are hanging out in sun down towns!